abogado abogada
acomodador acomodadora
actor actriz
arquitecto arquitecta
artesano artesana
autor autora
bailarín bailarina
banquero banquera
cajero cajera
camarero camarera
carpintero carpintera
cirujano cirujana
cocinero cocinera
conductor conductora
contador contadora
criado criada
diseñador diseñadora
empleado empleada
empresario empresaria
enfermero enfermera
escritor escritora
escultor escultora
farmacéutico farmacéutica
fontanero fontanera
plomero plomera
científico científica
ingeniero ingeniera
jardinero jardinera
maestro maestra
mecánico mecánica
doctor doctora
peluquero peluquera
ginecólogo ginecóloga
reportero reportera
secretario secretaria
veterinaro veterinaria
vendedor vendedora
fotógrafo fotógrafa
bibliotecario bibliotecaria
arqueólogo arqueóloga
juez jueza
pintor pintora
entrenador entrenadora
senador senadora
diputado diputada
presidente presidenta
alcalde alcaldesa
ministro ministra
profesor profesora
cliente clienta
director directora
panadero panadera
biólogo bióloga
limpiador limpiadora
consultor consultora
asesor asesora
químico química
farmaceútico farmaceútica
decorador decoradora
agricultor agricultora
pescador pescadora
joyero joyera
meteorólogo meteoróloga
repostero repostera
programador programadora
psicólogo psicóloga
investigador investigadora
marinero marinera
dependiente dependienta
trabajador trabajadora
carnicero carnicera
médico médica
repartidor repartidora
sacerdote sacerdotisa
aeromozo aeromoza
azafato azafata
barrendero barrendera
cardiólogo cardióloga
